Hi ya'll. Making a text-editor whilst following a tutorial on 
https://viewsourcecode.org/snaptoken/kilo/index.html.

I'm going to add more features in the future if I feel like it. I would like to
make this editor into something I would actually use day-to-day.

TODO(gunce): implement "jump to line number" feature.
TODO(gunce): make the background a pleasing dark color.
TODO(gunce): highlight TODO (red), NOTE (green), BUG (orange), STUDY (blue), IMPORTANT (yellow).
TODO(gunce): highlight C keywords (some non-annoying color).
TODO(gunce): implement case-insensitive search.
TODO(gunce): implement "save" and "save as" (guard against overwriting).
TODO(gunce): add arrow key movement and CTRL+arrow key movement (don't make it go to the first non-empty character, it's annoying).
TODO(gunce): page up and page down (ctrl-shift-arrow up/down).
TODO(gunce): implement multiple files opened at once (ctrl-shift-arrow left-right to switch between tabs).
TODO(gunce): delete line, cut line, paste line.
TODO(gunce): Ctrl-Z, Ctrl-Y.
TODO(gunce): auto-save to a seperate copy every minute (file.c -> RECENT_file.c).
TODO(gunce): display the god damn line numbers please.
TODO(gunce): support UTF-8 (if I can get Japanese to show up on there, I'll be a happy man).
TODO(gunce): multiple-line select (shortcut to select mode, then press a certain key to select lines and then copy/cut/delete).
TODO(gunce): several clipboards and clipboard navigation.
TODO(gunce): highlight currently opened file name (cyan/magenta?).
TODO(gunce): highlight line numbers of modified lines (gentle yellow).
TODO(gunce): select all.
TODO(gunce): make sure this thing runs on more than my own machine (Linux, MacOS maybe?, Cygwin/Bash for Windows probably).
TODO(gunce): case-sensitive search-and-replace.
TODO(gunce): shortcut list (CTRL-?).
BUG(gunce): make it so you can't scroll whilst the program is running.
TODO(gunce): recently-opened files list (some shortcut, and make it so you can open them in a new tab).
TODO(gunce): close-tab (ask if you want to save before closing).
TODO(gunce): display file size in bytes and in lines (at the bottom probably).
TODO(gunce): jump to start of file and to end of file (CTRL-A up-down arrow?).
